== Rest convention
include::etc/rest_conv.adoc[]
== Endpoints
=== Accounts
==== Create new account
include::{snippets}/create-account/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-account/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-account/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-account/response-fields.adoc[]
====== HATEOAS links
include::{snippets}/create-account/links.adoc[]

==== Create account with incorrect parameters
include::{snippets}/create-account-with-incorrect-parameters/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-account-with-incorrect-parameters/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-account-with-incorrect-parameters/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-account-with-incorrect-parameters/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Get cards for an account
include::{snippets}/get-card-for-account/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/get-card-for-account/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/get-card-for-account/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/get-card-for-account/response-fields.adoc[]

=== Cards
==== Create new card with create new account
include::{snippets}/create-new-card-and-new-account/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-new-card-and-new-account/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-new-card-and-new-account/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-new-card-and-new-account/response-fields.adoc[]
====== HATEOAS links
include::{snippets}/create-new-card-and-new-account/links.adoc[]

==== Create new card with exists account
include::{snippets}/create-new-card-and-exists-account/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-new-card-and-exists-account/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-new-card-and-exists-account/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-new-card-and-exists-account/response-fields.adoc[]
====== HATEOAS links
include::{snippets}/create-new-card-and-exists-account/links.adoc[]

==== Create card with incorrect parameters
include::{snippets}/create-card-with-incorrect-parameters/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-card-with-incorrect-parameters/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-card-with-incorrect-parameters/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-card-with-incorrect-parameters/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Block card
include::{snippets}/blocking-card/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/blocking-card/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/blocking-card/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/blocking-card/response-fields.adoc[]
====== HATEOAS links
include::{snippets}/blocking-card/links.adoc[]

==== Unblock card
include::{snippets}/unblocking-card/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/unblocking-card/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/unblocking-card/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/unblocking-card/response-fields.adoc[]
====== HATEOAS links
include::{snippets}/unblocking-card/links.adoc[]

=== Transactions
==== Create transaction with type DEPOSIT
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-deposit/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-deposit/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-deposit/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-deposit/response-fields.adoc[]
====== HATEOAS links
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-deposit/links.adoc[]

==== Create transaction with type WITHDRAW
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-withdraw/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-withdraw/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-withdraw/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-withdraw/response-fields.adoc[]
====== HATEOAS links
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-withdraw/links.adoc[]

==== Create transaction with type ROLLBACK
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-rollback/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-rollback/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-rollback/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-rollback/response-fields.adoc[]
====== HATEOAS links
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-rollback/links.adoc[]

==== Create transaction with type TRANSFER (Account to account)
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-transfer-A2A/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-transfer-A2A/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-transfer-A2A/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-transfer-A2A/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Create transaction with type TRANSFER (Card to card)
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-transfer-C2C/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-transfer-C2C/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-transfer-C2C/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-transfer-C2C/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Create transaction with incorrect parameters
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-with-incorrect-parameters/curl-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Request
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-with-incorrect-parameters/http-request.adoc[]
===== HTTP Response
====== Success HTTP responses
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-with-incorrect-parameters/http-response.adoc[]
====== Response fields
include::{snippets}/create-transaction-with-incorrect-parameters/response-fields.adoc[]